https://docs.google.com/document/d/13ZvTrWuSVZBGfhP9VuKAGSaw8AUH1_jHVksqhiPzfH0/edit?usp=sharing 
Communication
Throughout the entire project communication was between 3 members. Even while our group had 5 members, only 3 people would respond and participate. Once we were back down to 4 members Rayyan still failed to respond to our messages. There was never an issue with communication between the myself and the other two members. Going forward, improved communication would save time in project creation because we would not be left waiting or hoping that a member decided they can contribute or even respond.
Participation
By the end of the project only three members had notable contributions. Rayyan had not even been bothered to open the Gitlab and only signed in on the morning of the presentation. In fact the only contribution he did make was that he wrote section 1.5.3 on the document. If participation was better in the future, we would be able to shorten the time it took to create a project of similar complexity.
Learning new frameworks
We as a group had no experience in creating GUI’s and our closest relevenet experience was in website creation. We had to learn the python tkinter frame work and related file structures in order to create the GUI. As difficult as this was, it was our greatest success as a group because we were able to learn so much. Going forward, project creation will take significantly less time because we wont have to manage the challenge of learning a completely new framework.
Meetings
Another major success of our group was the ability to have very efficient meetings despite our group participation and communication being such a major set back. When the participating members of the group would join a zoom call we would be able to very quickly lay out all the current problems or objectives that needed to be attended to for our next submission. Once brought up, we would decide on an approach to mange the problem or objective. By the time the meeting ended everything brought up had a plan of action associated with it. Before we departed we would delegate the tasks and message the groupchat to update those who did not attend of what we needed to complete in the given time frame. Even though Rayyan usually did not respond to the messages leading up to the meeting or after, we tried to assign them work to allow them to participate. Unfortunately, they never did the work and we’d have to scramble to complete it ourselves. Our meetings allowed us to meet deadlines and sufficiently prepare for the presentation. Going forward this quality of meetings should be maintained to help us complete projects in a more timely and cost effective manner.
